Alex going to college he's mostly pretty
psyched right so used to being us three
what's gonna be like it's just us empty
nest as mess is gonna be filled with our
lovin it's gonna be irregular
all yeah get your getting your passport
ready cuz word when we going to
down when I became a dad I made a choice
to support my daughter's dreams you
don't have enough money fifty million
dollars thousand honey oh you guys need
money I know how to get let's start an
underground casino I don't like a
sickness I look at Alex here she is
she's gone to college if she doesn't go
boom she's a homeless prostitute on the
streets selling her tiny body for money
you want to make money like Vegas you
gotta look like Vegas we've got a nail
salon massages you're never gonna
believe what's in this next room is it a
strip club hey hey we're gonna make
crazy money in it we gotta invite
everybody hey hey there's something
going on in this town - your mother and
I will be working late I just can't help
but feel like you're lying
you've been coming home late every night
smelling like smoke and booze honey yeah
I just go lie down check some emails you
just shut down this casino
guys got a problem gotta send a message
like De Niro and Casino you think you
can cheat up I got lucky because my
friends you up
what are you guys gonna do about it
anyway you're a bunch of soccer moms
just tell your friends if they mess with
us you're gonna get
[Music]